#Project description:
Own my stuff is a service for locating and archiving your user created media on the web. This project was created in October 2013.

Typical user story:
User logs in with Dropbox. Once logged in, the user can submit the URL of a podcast feed, and OwnYourStuff will:
 - parse the feed to find the media enclosures
 - download the media files and extract their metadata
 - upload the media files to the OwnYourStuff folder of the User's Dropbox account
Dropbox will then sync the files to the user's local machine. OwnYourStuff will also generate a HTML file with links to the media files on the user's computer and their metadata, which acts as a directory of the user's content.

======

#Dev Info

mp3 meta tag gem info:
http://rdoc.info/github/moumar/ruby-mp3info/master/frames

to start the cron jobs:
whenever -w --set 'environment=development'
to stop;
whenever -c


statuses:

for ENCLOSURES:
Downloading                   - STARTED DOWNLOADING
Waiting to Upload             - FINSIHED DOWNLOADING
Uploading                     - STARTED UPLOAD
Complete                      - FINISHED UPLOADING
Download Failed. Will retry.  - WAITING FOR RETRY DOWNLOAD
Upload failed. Will retry.    - WAITING FOR RETRY UPLOAD

for FEEDS:
fresh
active
complete
empty    (no enclosures)
======



#TODO: Improve this readme. We should probably include:

* Version info
* System dependencies
* How to get Own Your Stuff up and running on your machine
* Next steps for the project
* Known issues
* How to contribute